Add proposal-regexp-modifiers docs (#2746)
babel/website: docs/plugin-proposal-regexp-modifiers.md

---
id: babel-plugin-proposal-regexp-modifiers
title: "@babel/plugin-proposal-regexp-modifiers"
sidebar_label: regexp-modifiers
---

## Example

### `i` modifier
```js title="input.js"
// matches Aa and aa
const regex = /(?i:a)a/
```
will be transformed to
```js title="output.js"
const regex = /(?:[Aa])a/
```

### `m` modifier
```js title="input.js"
// matches aa, a\naa, etc. but not a\na
const regex = /(?m:^a)a/
```
will be transformed to
```js title="output.js"
const regex = /(?:(?:^|(?<=[\n\r\u2028\u2029]))a)a/
```

### `s` modifier
```js title="input.js"
// matches \na and aa, but not \n\n
const regex = /(?s:.)./
```
will be transformed to
```js title="output.js"
const regex = /(?:[\s\S])./;
```

### multiple modifiers
You can also apply multiple modifiers:

```js
// matches Aa, aa, A\naa, etc. but not A\na
const regex = /(?im:^a)a/
```

> This plugin only supports `i`, `m` and `s` modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal only supports `i`, `m` and `s` as inline modifiers.
```

Author: The modifiers proposal also mentions the `x` flag, though it is covered in another proposal: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-regexp-x-mode. If we ever support that proposal, we should give a note here that to use the `x` modifier you should also install `@babel/plugin-proposal-regexp-x-mode`.
